---
layout: post
author: Nathan
tags: [phishing, csgo, steam, scam]
---

# Introduction

I am sure that anyone is familiar with Steam and CS:GO of the bots that usually add them for a giveaway, or in this particular case, wanting "help" in a match. To my surprise, it seemed like there was an actual person conversing with me and trying to phish me. So, me being me, I decided to go along with it and see what happens.

Not long after I accepted their friends request, I noticed that straight away that they were playing Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. I went ahead anc looked at their profile, and the three games on their profile page are ones that are free. Shocker.

{% include image.html url="/images/darklab.live-steam_games.png" description="Recently played games of the threat actor" %}

A few minutes later, they messaged me and acted like they needed one more player for a CS:GO match. Of course, I went along with it with a blunt attitude.
Important note: I am not actually global.

# Let's play

{% include image.html url="/images/darklab.live-conversation_1.png" description="Conversation with the threat actor" %}

Make an account, huh? That's nothing new. I'm sure it'll just be a fake Steam iframe.

{% include image.html url="/images/darklab.live-main_page.png" description="Main page of the phishing website" %}

Wait, huh? When I click the register page, I actually have to register with an email and password? Interesting. Let's do it.

{% include image.html url="/images/darklab.live-register_page.png" description="Register page of the phishing website" %}

Interestingly, the consent and privacy policy links are directed to:

- https://xsolla.com/consent
- https://xsolla.com/privacypolicy

I went ahead and created an account. I forwarded my username and waited for their response, which they said they invited me and added me.

Now, I'm not sure if this was my browser, a network blocker or just a borked wesbite, but they had a huge modal container which covered the page. Inside this, they had various different modals inside `div` tags.

{% include image.html url="/images/darklab.live-divs.png" description="Modal with multiple divs inside with `display: none` as a style" %}

I went ahead and looked through all of these, one was about creating a team, another with the terms of service, and one was the Steam login. I was unsure what I was meant to see, so I asked if I was meant to login with Steam.

{% include image.html url="/images/darklab.live-conversation_steam_login.png" description="Conversation with the threat actor" %}

It was indeed an iframe guised to look like a browser window with the close, minimize and maximize controls. The iframe source is auth[.]darklab[.]live/4a0c2 (which can be accessed unauthenticated), with a login page which is copied and made to look like that of Steam.

{% include image.html url="/images/darklab.live-fake_steam_login_page.png" description="Fake Steam login page" %}

# Closing out

Usually I wouldn't write about a phishing site (well, this is my first post!), but this was a little different than the typical Steam login.

Here is the Steam profile that messaged me (Note: There is a somewhat NSFW image on the profile): [https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561199386051370/](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561199386051370/)

The domain itself is hosted with [Namecheap](https://namecheap.com), which I will report it to and no doubt they will action it in a timely manner (thanks Namecheap!). Though, sadly, this will likely be moved to another domain fairly quickly as it is behind a Cloudflare reverse proxy.

## How did I do?

This is my first blog post. It was fun writing this post. Feel free to leave me any feedback [here](https://github.com/dequeues/dequeues.github.io/issues/1)

**Out.**
